vmware metric collection does not have the content type and protocol … (#3072)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/vmware.md

To collect performance metrics, do the following:

> 1. Follow the instructions to configure a [Streaming Metrics Source](/docs/send-data/installed-collectors/sources/streaming-metrics-source). Set protocol as **TCP** and ContentType as **Carbon2**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instructions to configure a [Streaming Metrics Source](/docs/send-data/installed-collectors/sources/streaming-metrics-source). While configuring set the **Protocol** to **TCP** and **ContentType** to **Carbon2**.
```
